# Project3
Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.
  This program analyses the text records from a text file generated by a grocery store. The items are listed are purchases in chronological order from when the store opens until it closes. This program provides actionable insight to strategically rearranged the produce section for profit maximization. The program produces a formatted output of the items and the frequency of each item. The program provides functionality for the user to input a specific item and the application will return the item and its frequency or instruct the user that the item could not be found. Also, the program provides another utility to produce a text-based histogram listing all items purchased in the day.
  
What did you do particularly well?
  I was able to construct a text-based histogram by iterating over a dictionary of key value pairs. When I look at the instructions again, I noticed that I had to write a file in Python and let C++ read the file and then output the text-based histogram. At first, I thought the reproduce the code that I wrote in Python for C++. Then I thought about the work I did with vectors. Instead, I created class with member variables to hold the item and frequency of each item. Then I created a custom vector of the class. Next, I created a print member function to output each object instance of the member variables. Using a little string manipulation, I was able to output a nice text-based histogram based on string length and frequency.

Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?
  I had to print out a text-based histogram of an item and its frequency of purchases. When I misunderstood the instructions, I initially tried to use the call python code to retrieve a matplotlib graph of a data frame. I was able to display the graph, but I return an error when I closed out of the graph. Maybe there was more code needed to fully integrate Python with C++.
  
Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network?
  The most important aspect of this program was the integration of Python with C++. Initially, this requirement caused me some frustration. After I figured out the correct way to integrate the two languages, the rest was more about remembering how to code in Python. I am confident in saying that I was able to overcome the roadblocks that I have encounters through due diligence, effort and hard work.
  
What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?
	Most notably, I will reuse the formatted menu created for this program in later courses. My next course requires me to create a console application with a user menu. I will incorporate the menu in this program. Similarly, the input validation will conveniently transfer over. The current menu has options 1-4. With a slight modification, I can validate input for 1-4 and 9 to exit the program. Also, the function to read a csv file is needed in my next course.  I am very happy that I did the extra work to learn how to work with string stream. I will use this to parse a comma separated values file that has uneven row values for columns.  I noticed this the most difficult part of the final project in the next class.
  
How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
	I created separate cpp files to store the data and to run the program. The program is maintainable with each function in the program dedicated to one specific action. The readability was enhanced with in-line comments, proper structure, and proper indentation. The program is adaptable with the capability to read any similarly formatted csv file. It is scalable and not tethered to a specific store.
